Hey, it's really rewarding
Evil pays off
Remember to deserve to die
If this is a revenge killing, it's understandable
But they're killing innocent people.
That was their crime.
Go back and get ready
Grandpa, aren't we going home?
Why did you come to this grocery store?
I'm going on a long trip.
The mother-in-law and daughter-in-law already know where our family is
If I leave you alone at home
Are you going to serve them as a dish?
Where are you going, grandpa?
Before Li Yanhuang died, there was a mouthful of resentment that slaughtered his throat
Become a ghost
Very fierce
I'm going to find a more powerful magic weapon
To hold him back?
Grandpa, how long do you have to go?
At least a day or two
Ten more days and a half months, I can't tell.
Oops grandpa
You have to come back early
In case those ghost hearts come to the door again
I'm afraid you know you're afraid now, right?
When you provoked the Li family
I see you are very happy
Then I wasn't fascinated
Cut the crap
There are three rules for obeying the store.
You remember me.
Impossible
two idle
30% off
Broke that rule
got in trouble
Take it with you.
Grandpa, don't worry. Okay.
Good old days
Heaven and earth open
Mr. Bai Kui to death
Manager Chen Jiaxiu'e girl
Money general
Activist